Guarin lig 3096 update main concepts docs (#1234)
lightly-ai/lightly: docs/source/getting_started/main_concepts.rst

.. _lightly-main-concepts:

Main Concepts
=============

Self-Supervised Learning
------------------------

The figure below shows an overview of the different concepts used by the Lightly package
and a schema of how they interact. The expressions in **bold** are explained further
below.

.. figure:: images/lightly_overview.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Lightly Overview

    Overview of the different concepts used by the Lightly package and how they interact.

* **Dataset**
   In Lightly, datasets are accessed through :py:class:`~lightly.data.dataset.LightlyDataset`.

>    You can create a :py:class:`~lightly.data.dataset.LightlyDataset` from a folder of
>    images, videos, or simply from a `torchvision dataset <https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/datasets.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can create a :py:class:`~lightly.data.dataset.LightlyDataset` from a directory of
   images or videos, or directly from a `torchvision dataset <https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/datasets.html>`_.
```
